hello for the fanatic he wants to tell you
that only in the comments analysis of
celtics match 0 maribor 1 in the party
of description in this same video that
you are listening to us now you have the
link below to enter to see the goal of the
match the goal scored by marcos magno
morals
Tabarez scored the goal of the match
while the seventh I felt that there was
tied 1 to 1 the first match and
I had to go find the result because
I was home and it's a big team
there is a ball that takes out blue in
the defender of the maribor as soon as he started
the match on the line practically by
the central marker while the
maribor warned with a shot from
outside ibrahim and a strong finish that
took out the left-handed
and it passes near the stick it keeps responding
the maribor that attacked and did not stop
attack but is still standing in defense
the celtic but worried with auction
from outside the visiting team
while he tried to Celtic
hit with a header that were not very
clear
and they could not specify the centers that
they arrived
I'm not going to specify the ambrus player
neither virgil by the good ones
centers that stretched quiet and johansen
not among other anthony video games
stokes that is the best player of the
celtic at number 10 in the figure does
several seasons later there was a for
I brought you a chromatic ine in the
left out ben gordon is very good
that the celtic that had been told to
Earlier this transfer market that
could the goalkeeper get to Barcelona
number 26 finishes the auction that came
from the left and hit the ball
méndy and could not enter after the
rebound and had a double reaction the
archer afterwards through a center that
came from the tops they could not lash out
the centers now under a good hairstyle
and again the
central marker
virgin
and it was all all decent and that the
clearer moves were of the sense with
a shot that grows on the crossbar and
the maribor was going to save the party
was tied in the overall 11 from
a good move stocks that you are going
to see what a crack was
crossbar
and could not convert the both of
match
mcgregor who had noticed the first
both in the first leg and already as they
I said it was all outside the celtic
they were getting nervous because they were not
could stretch the global and the maribor the
first I had I could not leave out
the first chance on the planet
I could leave the celtic outside, so
they had tied in 1
and the celtic was looking
with much impetus to score the goal for
stay much calmer but when going
to look for it and be deconcentrated in
defending
mcgregor saved his parents two or three
sometimes with auctions from outside and with a
serious error in the defense that the
central marker went out of the
area to mark the forward who is a
space inside the midfielder and you
break the bow to mcgregor can not
express the defense they were trying to get it out
the marker is removed from the marker
he puts her in the middle of the area they could not
the midfielders until the
friend of the front frames magnos him
He hits the ball and puts the goal of the
maribor that leaves it out the celtic one
by zero you want to kill the celtic the
largest team in your country is
expressed more the ball with the hairstyle
they could not get the midfielders and
came the both
great frame that gave the result
definitive to the match the 1 for 0 we
it marked the 74 minutes of the match it
we wanted to kill the fans of the
chelsea players
mcgregor all the whores hugged
those of the maribor could not believe the
story that they were doing although not
Barcelona is clearly much more
superior the celtic that the maribor the
players were practically crying
celebrating after the goal and the coach
of the celtic was like crazy and said let's go
forward nothing happened here come
we were only we need to specify
we have to go forward but we
they could cut with could not tie
the result and not even go to the
criminal the celtic that in this way
it is outside
it is a loss of an important team
from that country that was always
contesting the uefa champions league and
I continue until it has arrived from the hand of
nakamura it seems to me that the southpaw if not
will come out when he shares freestyle
perfect
and I do not only know what will happen as
mcgregor will surely sell it in
these days and with stocks because if for
something stays in feeling was for
face the champions league to try
of making history and now with this
totally negative result will have to be
see what will happen to both players
good guys down there have the link
to bring the goal of the maribor we
we find in the instants to follow
with the summaries the comments and
analysis of the champions a hug
big chau